>> Bianca Gandolfo: How'd it go, guys?
>> Speaker 2: I think I just don't
understand exactly what you're
looking for?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm, I hear you.
>> Speaker 3: Were you trying
to get the actual color strings,
not the suspect objects?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right, yeah.
>> Speaker 4: No.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
let me rewrite this exercise.
So destructure this nested data
structure into two variables.
One variable should have the string red,
and the next variable should
have the string orange.
Did anyone do that?
>> Speaker 3: I think so.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You think so.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No worries, all right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Should we try it out?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So take a stab.
>> Speaker 3: So
what I did is, I did const.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: FirstColor =
game.suspects]0 .color,
and then the same thing for
the second color
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Got it.
>> Speaker 3: But
just change the 0 to a 1.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Got it, ok so
you're just using the bracket notation.
Ok, so this is the task,
but let's do this task With
destructuring, which saves
us from writing this.
Did anyone get there?
You did?
>> Speaker 3: I think so.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's
see what you got.
So var[color1,
color2]
>> Speaker 3: Bracket, not dot.
I'm sorry, the Curly bracket or
square bracket?
Not curly bracket, just square bracket.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Where, okay, okay.
>> Speaker 3: Equals
open {suspects[0].color,
suspects[1].color} And
with a semicolon.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, what do you
guys think, is that going to do it?
>> Speaker 5: Yes
>> Speaker 3: But with just normal, not
the curly brackets around the outer, yeah
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
like this,
cool cause it is in there right.
Alright, did anyone do it a different way?
No?
So there is also this
way, where you do.
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
that's another way of doing it.
So then it's assigning
orange to firstColor,
and red to secondColor.
So as you can see there
are a few ways of doing it
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Questions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No?
No questions.
>> Speaker 6: Why is the, basically so
the, I see what you just did with
line 16 there,
is you made a variable first color and
that lined up with the color property.
And so, I'm curious then why,
you know, it feels like basically,
or if you're assigning this value to
the variable firstColor,
usually that's on the left.
How did that kinda work
there in you to look for.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm, yeah.
>> Speaker 6: The named property color,
and then gave that value firstColor?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so how it works
under the hood, I'm not quite sure.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's just
backwards than what you would expect.
Is it kinda like if you were
to read that in English?
>> Speaker 6: It would say for
the first color property we find,
call that first color, make a variable.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Which is the first
index of an array, of the array.
>> Speaker 6: And so each index of
the array is with a new kind of object,
like we are doing there with
a color segment, color code.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, and so if we
wanted to do something a little simpler,
to draw a parallel.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We could do this
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
this is similar to, sorry,
actually, I don't need to do that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So that's what I did,
and that gives you not just the color, but
the whole object with the name and
the color.
Yeah, but you can see that this is
just specifying a little deeper,
in that nested if structure.
Yeah, it's a little bit of a mind bender
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
you might be about to go into this then
but, is there a way where we can do that,
without knowing how many
objects we have total?
Like how nested it is?
>> Speaker 6: Well, if were to add
on simple suspects to that list.
>> Speaker 3: Could you repeat
the question, I can't hear you.
>> Speaker 6: Is there a way to do that,
then, without knowing
the number of suspects?
Basically to iterate through
each object on that subjects,
or on that suspects array, excuse me.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Directly,
in the destructioning notation,
I don't think that you can do that.
I think you can use a spread operator and
turn it into an array,
or something like that.
The remainder,
turn it into an array, but that's
not exactly answering your question.